Refactor document domain example (#421)
grammarly/grammarly-for-developers: examples/editor-sdk-document-domain/readme.md

# Grammarly Text Editor SDK with documentDomain

> This demo shows how to add [documentDomain](https://developer.grammarly.com/docs/api/editor-sdk/editorconfig#documentdomain) to the [Grammarly Text Editor SDK](https://developer.grammarly.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo shows how to configure the [documentDomain](https://developer.grammarly.com/docs/api/editor-sdk/editorconfig#documentdomain) for the [Grammarly Text Editor SDK](https://developer.grammarly.com/).
```
I don't feel strongly

Author: Maybe this should be "configure with". CC: @paigedr.

Reviewer 2: If the SDK always has a documentDomain, then I agree that the suggestion should be "configure... for" ("configure with" doesn't work for me because this is a setting on the SDK/that the SDK uses. "Configure...with the SDK" makes it sound like the SDK is doing the configuring of the page or document.)

> This demo shows how to add [documentDomain](https://developer.grammarly.com/docs/api/editor-sdk/editorconfig#documentdomain) to the [Grammarly Text Editor SDK](https://developer.grammarly.com/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This demo shows how to configure the [documentDomain](https://developer.grammarly.com/docs/api/editor-sdk/editorconfig#documentdomain) for the [Grammarly Text Editor Plugin](https://developer.grammarly.com/).
```

## Try the demo

You can try the demo in [CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/grammarly/grammarly-for-developers/tree/main/examples/editor-sdk-document-domain?file=/public/index.html).

## How it works

> [index.html](./public/index.html) and the other HTML files in this repository contain `<div contenteditable>` elements. These elements are wrapped with the `<grammarly-editor-plugin>` web component so that Grammarly suggestions display in the specified text areas.

Reviewer: Same comment as the one I made for the other readme. I'm tripping over "these elements" and "specified text areas" being the same thing.

Author: We often use this copy:

> index.html contains `<input>`, `<textarea>` and `<div contenteditable>` elements. These elements are wrapped with the <grammarly-editor-plugin> tag so that Grammarly suggestions will be displayed in them.

* Looking again, I think we should refer to it as the grammarly-editor-plugin> ~tag~ web component.
* I felt that "them" was too vague, so I tried to be more specific. But I guess I ended up being less specific.

Will see what @paigedr thinks.

Reviewer 2: What about something like this: 

> index.html and the other HTML files in this repository contain `<div contenteditable>` elements. We've added the Grammarly Text Editor Plugin to these elements by wrapping them with the `<grammarly-editor-plugin>` tag. The plugin displays Grammarly suggestions as users enter text.  

I'm not sure whether to call it a tag or a web component when we are talking about the tag in brackets. I think that if we were going to use the name web component we might want to call it the Grammarly Editor Plugin web component. But I'm not sure we have been consistent about this, or what developers would find natural/expected in this case.

Reviewer 2: Per conversation with @AndrewDiMola earlier today: 
```suggestion
[index.html](./public/index.html) and the other HTML files in this repository contain `div contenteditable` elements. We've added the Grammarly Text Editor Plugin to these elements by wrapping them with the `<grammarly-editor-plugin> tag. The plugin displays Grammarly suggestions as users enter text. 
```

> HTML attributes on `<grammarly-editor-plugin>` toward the bottom of the file configure the Grammarly Text Editor SDK. See [index.html](./public/index.html) for the full code example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
HTML attributes on `<grammarly-editor-plugin>` toward the bottom of the file configure the plugin. See [index.html](./public/index.html) for the full code example.
```
